Run plone  minor fixes (#1872)
plone/documentation: docs/admin-guide/run-plone.md

    ```

For any of these commands, press {kbd}`ctrl-d` to stop the process.

### Set a "fake" request

> To make sure that the request is fully set up for any code that uses `zope.globalrequest.getRequest` you might need to do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that the request is fully set up for any code that uses `zope.globalrequest.getRequest`, you might need to use the following code.
```

> :   ```python

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```python
````

    from zope.globalrequest import setRequest
    setRequest(app.REQUEST)

>     ```

Reviewer: Please dedent all the above lines because this is not a definition list, but a simple code example.

    ```

For any of these commands, press {kbd}`ctrl-d` to stop the process.

### Set a "fake" request

To make sure that the request is fully set up for any code that uses `zope.globalrequest.getRequest`, you might need to use the following code.

```python
from zope.globalrequest import setRequest

> setRequest(app.REQUEST)

Reviewer 2: app.REQUEST is not set up properly in the debug console:
```
>>> app.REQUEST
'<Special Object Used to Force Acquisition>'
```

So before you call setRequest, you have to also do:
```
from Testing.makerequest import makerequest
app = makerequest(app)
```
